Updating installation guide structure for 22/1 (#10343)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-config-ivad-vpu.md

### Optional Steps

* For advanced configuration steps for your **IEI Mustang-V100-MX8-R10** accelerator, see [Configurations for IEI Mustang-V100-MX8-R10 card](movidius-setup-guide.md). **IEI Mustang-V100-MX8-R11** accelerator doesn't require any additional steps. 

* After you've configured your Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Movidius™ VPUs, see [Intel® Movidius™ VPUs Programming Guide for Use with Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit](movidius-programming-guide.md) to learn how to distribute a model across all 8 VPUs to maximize performance.

## Windows

To enable inference on Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Movidius™ VPUs, the following additional installation steps are required:

  1. Download and install <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=48145">Visual C++ Redistributable for Visual Studio 2017</a>
  2. Check with a support engineer if your Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Movidius™ VPUs card requires SMBUS connection to PCIe slot (most unlikely). Install the SMBUS driver only if confirmed (by default, it's not required):

>       1. Go to the `<INSTALL_DIR>\deployment_tools\inference-engine\external\hddl\drivers\SMBusDriver` directory, where `<INSTALL_DIR>` is the directory in which the Intel Distribution of OpenVINO toolkit is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Go to the `<INSTALL_DIR>\runtime\3rdparty\hddl\drivers\SMBusDriver` directory, where `<INSTALL_DIR>` is the directory in which the Intel Distribution of OpenVINO toolkit is installed.
```
